Updates chapters on Modules (#400)
amzn/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/modules/directives.md

```ion
(:$ion set_macros
  (point2d {x: (:?), y: (:?)})
  (greeting {message: (:? "Hello"), name: (:?)})
)
```

Equivalent to:
```ion
(:$ion module _
              (macros (macro point2d {x: (:?), y: (:?)})
                      (macro greeting {message: (:? "Hello"), name: (:?)}))
              (symbols _))
```

### `add_macros` directives
Adds macro definitions to the macro table of the default module.
All content of this directive must be `macro` clauses, and indeed they are assumed to be, so the `macro` keyword is omitted.

```ion
(:$ion add_macros 
  (rgb [(:?\uint8\), (:?\uint8\), (:?\uint8\)])
)
```

Equivalent to:
```ion
(:$ion module _
              (macros _ (rgb [(:?\uint8\), (:?\uint8\), (:?\uint8\)]))
              (symbols _))
```

### `use` directives
Imports macros and symbols from a shared module and appends them to the default module.
If the catalog does not contain an exact match, this operation raises an error.

```ion
// Adds the content of this shared symbol table to the default module
(:$ion use "com.example.geometry" 2)

// Equivalent to the following
($ion import $temp "com.example.geometry" 2)
($ion module _ (macros _ $temp) (symbols _ $temp))

> ($ion module $temp)  // No top level binding is actually created by `use`

Reviewer: This comment is confusing. Should it say `import`?

Author: No, it shouldn't say `import`, but you're right, that is really confusing.

> ($ion module $temp)  // No top level binding is actually created by `use`

Author: ```suggestion
// Equivalent to the following, except that `use` does not create any top-level binding like `import` does
($ion import $temp "com.example.geometry" 2)
($ion module _ (macros _ $temp) (symbols _ $temp))
($ion module $temp)
```
